Add Writerdeck for reMarkable 1 to README (#268)
reHackable/awesome-reMarkable: README.md

- [reMarkable wikipedia](https://github.com/dps/remarkable-wikipedia) - Offline wikipedia reader for reMarkable.
- (Unmaintained) [remarkaBot](https://github.com/Davide95/remarkaBot) - Fetch your documents from Telegram.
- [whiteboard-hypercard](https://github.com/fenollp/reMarkable-tools) - Live collaboration, drawing, chat, whiteboarding.

> - [Writerdeck for reMarkable 1](https://github.com/bjornte/Writerdeck-for-reMarkable) - Distraction-free Markdown word processor with Bluetooth & USB keyboard support. Optional syncing & encryption of documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Writerdeck for reMarkable 1](https://github.com/bjornte/Writerdeck-for-reMarkable) - Distraction-free Markdown word processor with keyboard support via a companion app or usb. With optional syncing and encryption of documents.
```
